Log In:
    Make a forgot password feature.
        For this we might also implement Email Verification Feature or OTP Verification feature.


Teacher Side:
    Delete Quiz isn't working. its saying "Failed to delete Quiz"

    In Student Ranking and Peformance in Quiz Session Analytics, Make the Rank, Score, Time Spent, Average time/question, performance data column centered.

    LIVE-QUIZ GAME UI for Teacher
        

Student Side:
    QUIZ GAME UI for Student

Game Feature:
    Optional: Invite feature:
        Each game will have an Invite Feature to the Lobby.

Planning for Other Games.
    Game for Solo category:
        Game Name: Flashcard (Color pallet: )
        Game Goal: A Recitation Game; It's UI is almost similar to a card or flashcards. Where it randomly selects a student from those stack of cards. And also let the student draw a Random Cards that will have the quesion for his/her recitation.
        Game Lobby: Same as the other games, this will have a lobby. The header will pretty much look like the Grid Quest. And for the Body it will have an All players list at the right side of the screen when In Windows View (This Panel shows All students from that subject with a status if in lobby or available). At the bottom middle of the rest of the unoccupied area is the Start Button, at the top of it is the Mechanics of the Game.
        Game Mechanics: When In game, There will going to be 3 kinds of Cards. 1. Is for choosing a student, 2. Is for choosing a question, and 3. Is the three life cards that will serve as a helping cards for them to answer the question. Those Three Life Cards are 1. Call a Friend; If used this will allow them to ask a help from another student and will gain the half a points for the student who is initially the answeree and a whole points for the person he/she called if that person answered correctly and will deduct the same points if answered wrong. 2. Hint; It will pop a fill in the blank characters like this _ _ _ _ depending on how many characters is in the right answer. 3. Re-draw; Draw another question card again. Each players will have a 3 Three Life cards to choose for their turn. So the flow of the in game is, after entering the game from the lobby, In teachers and student it will pop the student cards first to choose which student is going to answer. but Only the teacher has the button to start the draw of the cards. It's UI will have some shuffle, and flip card animation to show some suspense before revealing the card. (Note. after being choosen to answer, he or she will not be going to be picked again so he/she will be removed from the randomizer/student card. Unless all of the student are already been selected, it will reset or bring back all the student to select.) After choosing the student, the student will now draw a question card. In Its UI Student and Teacher will have the access for a button to draw a random question card. After is the Clue phase which will show the Question to all the student and teachers view. but only the choosen student will have an Input box for his answer and the Life Cards To choose from. If ever he/she choose a Life Card. It will Ring and Pop an animation to all the viewers including to the teachers view his choosen card to help him. after it will take an Effect. (Note: After selecting a Question card, same as the student card randomizer, the question card that is been selected will be remove from the list of Question Card to prevent same question appearing. Also if all the question card has been selected, it will finish the game.) After answering the question is the Reveal Phase in which it will show all the possible answer to the question and the answer of the student and if he is correct or not and His points. 

        Fix timer, The auto end of answering even the timer has run out didn't work. It should end the question and auto submit the answer finish or not finished then proceed to reveal phase.
        Remove Card label in Question Selection. let it be just a Question Mark only.

I have an Idea I want to implement. I want to have a 2-8 group option but it's kinda hard to think because we need to consider the count on how many are currently present. Next is the turn-based or buzz-in, I think turn based will be fit it. And to elaborate the game flow I want, First, after the groupings, the system will pick a one representative or player on each group to compete or participate, After, I want to make the category and level of question picking a turn-based. So the system will choose which team will go first. There will be an Indicator at the top to which team will going to be next. After the picking, it will pop the assigned question for that level and category to the teachers view and students view. After a 3 sec delay, the timer for answering will now start. Then the student may now answer while the timer is ticking. After the timer is done, students are not allowed to answer anymore, it will automatically submit their text even if it is done or not done. After some delay or suspense if possible, it will reveal all who got the answer correctly and give them the points. For those who got wrong answer, their score will depend on the task rules if the teacher assigned the task to deduct the score or will stay the same. Then After the teacher now can push the next/play button to continue the game. and it will going to loop the flow until all the questions were picked or answered, or when the teacher pushed the End Button.

                    If Tie: There will be an Overtime. The system will Pop-up a team selector, like spin the wheel or something to choose who will go First.


Soon:
LEADERBOARDS
Session List of the Student Side.


